welcome to my unboxing and first look at
what is clearly a pre-production retail
package because I don't think
coolermaster with all of their
experience would release our retail
product that looked like this but this
is pretty much what you'll get inside
your real one with a more fancy graphic
on it this is the Quickfire TK so if you
didn't know already coolermaster has
been doing mechanical keyboards for a
little while now actually so they are
quite well-regarded they have a pretty
wide variety of products I mean you look
at some companies where they'll release
sort of one mechanical keyboard with one
particular key switch and maybe it has a
backplate or it doesn't have a backlight
you should be happy to get what you can
I suppose I'm cool masters taking a
completely different approach and
they're going after more like the guys
who do a lot of different skills with a
lot of customizability so the Quickfire
TK alone is available in cherry MX blue
cherry MX red switches and cherry MX
brown switches they also come with
different backlight colors to correspond
to the types of switches in them so this
I asked for if you know if you guys
follow me on Twitter and you know what I
think of keyboards I ask for obviously
the Cherry MX blue version Oh check that
out it's oh oh hold on up there it is
alright I thought we were going to be
missing a key there oh well this is a
good opportunity to show you guys what
it what it looks like so there you can
see the Cherry MX blue switch you can
hear if I move it up to the mic oh yeah
you can hear the sexy sound that it
makes when you actually actuate the
switch I'm just going to go ahead and
throw that back on it comes with a key
removal tool right so so yes this is the
blue version with a blue backlight and a
blue and blue switches I'm just going to
show you guys how this works so it comes
with a removable cable which I don't
know if I I don't know if that's
entirely necessary but I guess if that's
something they want to do then that's
great it also has cable routing holes so
you can bring it out to one side bring
it out the other side or bring it
straight out the back of the keyboard
depending on what you find preferable
there are rubber non-slip
here here and here and the all this
isn't these are my favorite check this
out so if you get right in there you can
see the entire both sides of it or
rubber so it's an entire coating on the
keyboard little foot itself here that's
rubber so what that means is a lot of
the time you deploy these things and the
keyboard becomes slippery all of a
sudden because only the bottom two are
making contact properly and these will
be just plastic cooler masters gone the
extra mile and made sure that that's not
going to cause any problems for you
comes with a key removal tool so you can
go ahead and remove the keys you can
remove the keys without the key removal
tool but it's not recommended because it
can damage the switch underneath so
let's go ahead and check this out so
there you go you can see the blue the
blue backplate it has a full metal
backplate so let's find it
well that's very solid actually this is
among the more solid keyboards that I've
encountered even some mechanical
keyboards you can tell these they're
still they're not that solidly built
because they'll have a lot of flex in
them but you can see I'm actually
putting a lot of force on this can you
can you see the Flex there's a little
bit but I mean there's only so much you
can do but it's very very solidly built
that makes a great difference when
you're mashing on something pressing
buttons hard to have it not have any
flex to it because that's how you get
that sort of that perfect tactile
response now blue switches are not for
everyone you can hear how loud they are
but like I said Coolermaster is making
the keyboard available in a variety of
different configurations depending on
what you want the brown switch one does
not come with a brown backlight just so
you guys know so the blue switch one
comes with a blue backlight the red
switch one comes with a red backlight
and the brown switch one comes with a
white backlight so don't worry it's
nothing nothing ridiculous like that and
you know what this might be a bit of a
bit of a problem here because oh no it
works there we go I was worried that it
wouldn't work because I'm not actually
booted into Windows but it looks like
all the software is running in here so
the keys are individually backlight
backlit and it comes with a variety of
mode so you can see the mode here for
whatever reason has these ones not
illuminated and this will not eliminate
it and the f12 not illuminated it also
has three different brightness levels so
I'm just going to hold down function
here and so we'll go brightness all the
way down
Wow five different brightness levels you
know what that looks stunning look how
good the backlight looks when they can
see here if I unplug it so unplug it
again you can see they've colored the
backplate blue which means the
reflection of the LEDs off the backplate
actually makes the blue much more
intense and much more striking then
keyboards that I've seen in the past
that is a really nice touch that's smart
I haven't seen that before so let's give
it a sec - oh yeah I plugged it into the
right thing okay so give this a sec to
turn itself back on here so give me a
moment so I managed to lock up the
computer because I realize it was doing
something and I was mashing on he's over
here and it was obviously plugged in so
I'm going to not mash keys too too hard
anymore but I want to show you guys so
it has five different brightness levels
it has several different modes so that
looks like sort of more of like an okay
so there's WASD mode then there's sort
of full mode except for the function key
here and these keys right here
and then there's sort of what looks like
kind of a oh is it like pulsating or
something oh cool it has like a
breathing mode that's that's really neat
okay and then brightness you obviously
can't control in that particular mode
I'm not sure what this guy does back in
a sec okay I figured it out so I think
I've got a got everything down pat oh
this switch is between six key and n key
roll over remember and key rollover is
better because it means you can type
like this if you want and it'll actually
register every single keystroke no big
deal six key rollover however is more
compatible with various bios's or with
Apple computers for example that don't
support any key rollover because this is
over USB which normally sort of
naturally doesn't support any key
rollover all right next we've got I
could not figure out for the life of me
why these keys weren't illuminating
number lock so when you have number lock
off you can see these arrow keys
illuminate because we are in the mode
that allows us to use the other
functionality of this of this block of
keys here so we've got a full number pad
block which I personally still like to
see but we have a keyboard that's not
much
than a 10 kilos which is really cool so
by switching this functionality so
number lock is on other functionality is
on you got all your usual keys and page
down page up delete all that good stuff
and you have a full number pad just very
very cool right here this is a function
key lock so this is uh this okay however
this works okay one of them is oh sorry
windows key locks so you can turn your
windows keys on and off and this is your
function key lock which will lock your
function keys on and off so that you can
either have them operate as f1 to f12 or
you can have them operate as dedicated
media keys including play pause stop
back forward mute volume down and volume
up as well as all of your lighting
adjustments and all that good stuff so
you can go sort of I think we showed all
the different lighting modes I think
that pretty much covers it so thank you
for checking out my unboxing your first
look at the very well built very solid
feeling I mean there's you know the
whole CM storm thing they've just got
good little touches that make it look
nice make it function well and that
pretty much covers it as you guys know
I'm big into mechanical keyboards would
I recommend this one absolutely don't
forget to subscribe science tech tips
for unboxings reviews and other computer
videos